Tianyi is called a noble person
Master, could it be him who is the noble person in the world you mentioned?
Wow oops
Master, are you confused?
This kid also gives you mud balls.
Did he insult you?
How could it be your noble?
What mud balls?
This is clearly a unique elixir in the world
Eat this one
It's longevity.
I can wish me health and worry-free for the rest of my life
How dare you slander the nobles of Tianyi Sect like this?
I think you are looking for death.
Master, this is impossible
I saw it with my own eyes
This mud ball is that he opens his hands and does not bathe from his body
Rubbed down
Yes, Master
A magic pill
It takes at least seven, seven, forty-nine days to refine
How can it be possible for a moment
Take it out of him
Take out a magic pill at random
And it also has Kunlun mirrors.
Who are you?
Look who I am
No.
Not the land gods
It turned out to be an immortal in heaven
Otherwise, His Highness is exactly the same as heaven and earth.
Could it be
Could it be that you are the one in the high place in heaven?
Hahahahaha
No wonder the armed crown
Don't mention anything about the Kunlun treasure mirror collection?
Hahahahaha
No wonder recently
All 24 dragon veins have been revived.
original
It's yours.
What worldly? What are you talking about?
I don't trade
Ahhh
This is heaven and earth
Oh, what heaven and earth?
Oh, Mr. Shi Linjie Taoist
Are you crazy?
Why are you talking nonsense one by one?
He Zhang Shoucheng is a porter's waste
What can you see with cultivation?
Can you see the soul of heaven and earth?
Séance
Lost shadow
It's my eyeball
Heaven and earth forgive sins
What the hell is going on here?
30,000 years of local reincarnation
Now the sky is rising again
travel
This matter will be publicized forever
Otherwise you will be punished
This is actually
The magic sound that only cultivators can hear
It is we who remember the teachings of heaven and earth
I thought it would be a disaster
I didn't expect Master Hongyuan to be unreasonable
This pill is for you
Mr. Xie Zhang
Thank you Mr. Zhang for going to Hongyuan Master Ancestor Shengong
Suddenly so respectful
So what's going on?